Fix links which pointed to unavailable location (#22922)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2018-12-04-kubeadm-ga-release.md

- Non-critical add-ons, e.g. for monitoring, logging, and visualization
- Specific cloud provider integrations

> Infrastructure provisioning, for example, is left to other SIG Cluster Lifecycle projects, such as the [Cluster API](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api). Instead, kubeadm covers only the common denominator in every Kubernetes cluster: the [control plane](/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-control-plane). The user may install their preferred networking solution and other add-ons on top of Kubernetes *after* cluster creation.

Reviewer: What do you think about linking the control plane to:
/docs/concepts/architecture/control-plane-node-communication/

Author: Perhaps using a glossary tooltip as what @sftim said would be a better choice, right? We could add a page to introduce control plane in detail in the future.

> Infrastructure provisioning, for example, is left to other SIG Cluster Lifecycle projects, such as the [Cluster API](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api). Instead, kubeadm covers only the common denominator in every Kubernetes cluster: the [control plane](/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-control-plane). The user may install their preferred networking solution and other add-ons on top of Kubernetes *after* cluster creation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Infrastructure provisioning, for example, is left to other SIG Cluster Lifecycle projects, such as the [Cluster API](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api). Instead, kubeadm covers only the common denominator in every Kubernetes cluster: the {{< glossary_tooltip text="control plane" term_id="control-plane" >}}. The user may install their preferred networking solution and other add-ons on top of Kubernetes *after* cluster creation.
```
